[Music]
[Applause]
misjudgment commencing I was expecting
the bull to go wide and then very
quickly had to readjust at the last
second and was just horribly out of
position on the court
[Applause]
you don't often hear it but that was
pretty smooth for mr. Brooks his game
that was a nice little stretch at the
end
[Applause]
now punished service broken for a second
time let's hope it's not John is there's
will as well
[Applause]
that's the danger particularly
parishioner
[Applause]
unblemished no more the last man to have
not dropped the sexes in Miami has done
so at the hands of one of the best to
play the game John Isner is humbled in
24 minutes back to the drawing board for
the defending champion 6:1 better
opening set appointed me to the net
Confederate
yeah hizzoner is frustrated he holds his
hand up his hip to say what is it am I
playing two guys I mean he's everywhere
[Music]
[Applause]
this is fertilization and it's also a
spectacular display of one man's skill
[Applause]
well done body face and 2 for 2 from the
line
he's sent him a tourism
and continues through this tournament to
bring a new definition to the term
reflexology
nice John how he is yeah there's
considerable I'm not sure John's will be
able to continue this looks like this
one might be debilitating to the point
it can't continue
[Applause]
already with the difficulty in how this
match would end it's going to be
fettered challenging on championship
point number two it was right in front
of him his title 101 a challenge away
[Applause]
it is master found the magic city wants
more for the fourth time Roger Federer's
ticket in Miami
as he picks up title number 101 nothing
rather I'm going to help you hold that
up in May I'll present to all of you
your 2019 Miami Open singles champion
mr. Roger Federer
[Applause]
[Music]
you